# Eating-bahavior
Parenting feeding practices(monitoring intake, restrictive or controlled feeding, eating pressure, and instrumental and emotional feeding) and parental feeding style may be affected by a child's eating habits. Parents react differently to their children’s picky eating during a meal. Also, parental feeding behaviors are affected by food prices and parent-child feeding relations, so the supplemental nutrition assistance program (SNAP) may enhance food purchase, healthy eating, and parental feeding. This study examines how picky eating behaviors among preschool children may impact the feeding practices/styles of their parents, and how this relationship may vary between SNAP and non-SNAP families. Data will be collected through surveys(CEBQ, CNP, CFPQ, PFSQ) with parents, we will measure the child’s BMI and analyze all of the data by using R. this research study will pursue two specific aims: The first one is to examine how a child's picky eating affects parents feeding behavior/style and the impact on their BMI. Our research will include 84 children between the ages of 3-5 years(24 from SNAP and 24 from non-SNAP families). We hypothesize; a child's picky eating will lead to parents putting more pressure on them to eat, paying less attention to their food choices, using more restrictive and controlling feeding methods, and resulting in a higher BMI for the child. The second objective of the study is to determine whether a child's picky eating habits play a role in the relationship between a parent's participation in the SNAP program and their feeding behaviors towards the child. The study will involve 84 children between the ages of 3-5 years, with 42 in the SNAP group and 42 in the control group. The same questionnaires that were previously mentioned will be used. We hypothesize picky eating causes stress for parents8 and will lead to more pressure from SNAP families to eat, and less monitoring of unhealthy foods in comparison to non-SNAP families. The innovation of this study is examining the association between SNAP, parental feeding practices, and picky eating in families, Additionally, the results may indicate that the relationship between child-picky eating and parental feeding practices may be different in SNAP and non-SNAP families. 
